updated information hackathon 2025 pavia (#3082)
nf-core/website: sites/main-site/src/content/events/2025/hackathon-march-2025/university-of-pavia.mdx

      address: |
          "Sala Conferenze Biblioteca", Department of Mathematics, Via Ferrata, 5 27100 Pavia
      links:
          - https://dbb.dip.unipv.it/en
          - https://matematica.unipv.it/en/homepage/
      geoCoordinates: [45.20385533724341, 9.137140340909294]
      country: Italy
      city: Pavia
layout: "@layouts/events/HackathonMarch2025.astro"
---

Attendees from outside the University of Pavia **can** attend.

Main contact: Francesco Lescai ([francesco.lescai@unipv.it](mailto:francesco.lescai@unipv.it))

## How to find us

Information to reach the venue are available [here](https://matematica.unipv.it/en/how-to-reach-us/). We will send contact information to the attendees prior to the meeeting and we will be guiding guests to the Hackathon Room.

## Organisational Information

There is a cafeteria close by - [La Bouvette dell'Ingegnere](https://www.instagram.com/labouvetteunipv/), which accepts both card and cash.
Water, coffee and tea will be provided.

We will arrange a social dinner in one of the evenings if there is interest among the attendees.

## Accommodation

> We assume most participants will join from within driving / local train range: should you need suggestions or help arranging an accommodationm, just get in touch with Francesco or Mariangela.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We assume most participants will join from within driving / local train range:
should you need suggestions or help arranging an accommodation, just get in touch with
[Francesco](https://nfcore.slack.com/team/UT486V1V1) or [Mariangela](https://nfcore.slack.com/team/U04501R6BLL).
```

## Acknowledgments

> This local event is kindly supported by the Department of Biology and Biotechnology of the University of Pavia, by the Department of Mathematics which hosts the venue, and by [seqeralabs](https://seqera.io)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This local event is kindly supported by the Department of Biology and Biotechnology of the University of Pavia,
by the Department of Mathematics which hosts the venue, and by [Seqera](https://seqera.io).
```
